<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<title>AWS Certified Developer Associate All-in-One Exam Guide (Exam DVA-C01)</title>
<link href="1260460177.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:c4d348f1-9c3d-457f-b76a-654174c9fde1" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<section epub:type="chapter">
<h2 class="h2f" id="about"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_i"/><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_ii"/><span class="chapfm">ABOUT THE AUTHOR</span></h2>
<p class="noindent"><strong>Kamesh Ganesan</strong> is a cloud evangelist, seasoned technology professional, cloud security subject matter expert (SME), author, speaker, and coach with over 23 years of IT experience in all major cloud technologies, including AWS, Azure, GCP, Oracle, and Alibaba Cloud. He has over 50 IT certifications, including 5 AWS, 4 Azure, 3 GCP, 6 OCI, and an Alibaba cloud certification. He has played many roles, including certified multicloud architect, cloud-native application architect, lead database administrator, programmer analyst, and developer. He architected, built, automated, and delivered high-quality, mission-critical, and innovative technology solutions that helped his enterprise, commercial, and government clients be very successful and significantly improve their business value using a multicloud strategy.</p>
<h3 class="h3">About the Technical Editor</h3>
<p class="noindent"><strong>Rajat Ravinder Varuni</strong> provides consultations to customers in the public sector that include architectural design and deployment of solutions that reduce the likelihood of data leakage, web application, and denial-of-service attacks. He is a subject matter expert who provides ongoing support for achieving regulatory needs such as the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA), and Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (FedRAMP) attestation and authorization. Currently, he holds the GIAC Penetration Tester certificate, as well as a host of AWS certifications. He also participates in the development of AWS certification exams, including the Security specialty. Additionally, he has contributed to the AWS Security Blog found at <a href="https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/author/varunirv/">https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/author/varunirv/</a>.</p>
<p class="indent">Rajat serves as an academic advisor for the Global Information Assurance Certification (GIAC), a graduate-level cybersecurity program. He is also on the editorial board for the <em>Journal of Information Systems Education</em> (JISE) and serves as a journal reviewer at Information Systems Audit and Control Association (ISACA) and the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM).</p>
<p class="indent">Rajat holds a master’s and a bachelor’s degree in computer science from The George Washington University and Michigan Technological University, respectively.</p>
<p class="indent">In his free time, Rajat enjoys having a single-threaded conversation and exploring nature.</p>
</section>
</body>
</html>