<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<title>AWS Certified Developer Associate All-in-One Exam Guide (Exam DVA-C01)</title>
<link href="1260460177.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:c4d348f1-9c3d-457f-b76a-654174c9fde1" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<section epub:type="chapter">
<h2 class="h2c" id="appb"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_675"/><span class="chap">APPENDIX <span class="chap1">B</span></span></h2>
<h2 class="h2c1">About the Online Content</h2>
<p class="hr"/>
<p class="noindentb">This book comes complete with TotalTester Online customizable practice exam software with 130 practice exam questions.</p>
<h3 class="h3" id="appblev1sec1">System Requirements</h3>
<p class="noindent">The current and previous major versions of the following desktop browsers are recommended and supported: Chrome, Microsoft Edge, Firefox, and Safari. These browsers update frequently, and sometimes an update may cause compatibility issues with the TotalTester Online or other content hosted on the Training Hub. If you run into a problem using one of these browsers, please try using another until the problem is resolved.</p>
<h3 class="h3" id="appblev1sec2">Your Total Seminars Training Hub Account</h3>
<p class="noindent">To get access to the online content you will need to create an account on the Total Seminars Training Hub. Registration is free, and you will be able to track all your online content using your account. You may also opt in if you wish to receive marketing information from McGraw Hill or Total Seminars, but this is not required for you to gain access to the online content.</p>
<h4 class="h4" id="appblev2sec1">Privacy Notice</h4>
<p class="noindent">McGraw Hill values your privacy. Please be sure to read the Privacy Notice available during registration to see how the information you have provided will be used. You may view our Corporate Customer Privacy Policy by visiting the McGraw Hill Privacy Center. Visit the <strong><a href="http://mheducation.com">mheducation.com</a></strong> site and click <strong>Privacy</strong> at the bottom of the page.</p>
<h3 class="h3" id="appblev1sec3">Single User License Terms and Conditions</h3>
<p class="noindent">Online access to the digital content included with this book is governed by the McGraw Hill License Agreement outlined next. By using this digital content you agree to the terms of that license.</p>
<p class="noindentt"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_676"/><strong>Access</strong>   To register and activate your Total Seminars Training Hub account, simply follow these easy steps.</p>
<p class="numbert"><strong>1.</strong> Go to <strong><a href="http://hub.totalsem.com/mheclaim">hub.totalsem.com/mheclaim</a></strong></p>
<p class="number"><strong>2.</strong> To Register and create a new Training Hub account, enter your e-mail address, name, and password. No further personal information (such as credit card number) is required to create an account.</p>
<p class="numbern">If you already have a Total Seminars Training Hub account, enter your e-mail address and password on the <strong>Log in</strong> tab.</p>
<p class="number"><strong>3.</strong> Enter your Product Key: <strong>640w-jwct-wvdw</strong></p>
<p class="number"><strong>4.</strong> Click to accept the user license terms.</p>
<p class="numberb"><strong>5.</strong> For new users, click the <strong>Register and Claim</strong> button to create your account. For existing users, click the <strong>Log in and Claim</strong> button.</p>
<p class="indent">You will be taken to the Training Hub and have access to the content for this book.</p>
<p class="noindentt"><strong>Duration of License</strong>   Access to your online content through the Total Seminars Training Hub will expire one year from the date the publisher declares the book out of print.</p>
<p class="indent">Your purchase of this McGraw Hill product, including its access code, through a retail store is subject to the refund policy of that store.</p>
<p class="indent">The Content is a copyrighted work of McGraw Hill, and McGraw Hill reserves all rights in and to the Content. The Work is © 2021 by McGraw Hill.</p>
<p class="noindentt"><strong>Restrictions on Transfer</strong>   The user is receiving only a limited right to use the Content for the user’s own internal and personal use, dependent on purchase and continued ownership of this book. The user may not reproduce, forward, modify, create derivative works based upon, transmit, distribute, disseminate, sell, publish, or sublicense the Content or in any way commingle the Content with other third-party content without McGraw Hill’s consent.</p>
<p class="noindentt"><strong>Limited Warranty</strong>   The McGraw Hill Content is provided on an “as is” basis. Neither McGraw Hill nor its licensors make any guarantees or warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use as to any McGraw Hill Content or the information therein or any warranties as to the accuracy, completeness, correctness, or results to be obtained from, accessing or using the McGraw Hill Content, or any material referenced in such Content or any information entered into licensee’s product by users or other persons and/or any material available on or that can be accessed through the licensee’s product (including via any hyperlink or otherwise) or as to non-infringement of third-party rights. Any warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, are disclaimed. Any material or data obtained through use of the McGraw Hill Content is at your own discretion and risk and user understands that it will be solely responsible for any resulting damage to its computer system or loss of data.</p>
<p class="indent"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_677"/>Neither McGraw Hill nor its licensors shall be liable to any subscriber or to any user or anyone else for any inaccuracy, delay, interruption in service, error or omission, regardless of cause, or for any damage resulting therefrom.</p>
<p class="indent">In no event will McGraw Hill or its licensors be liable for any indirect, special or consequential damages, including but not limited to, lost time, lost money, lost profits or good will, whether in contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise, and whether or not such damages are foreseen or unforeseen with respect to any use of the McGraw Hill Content.</p>
<h3 class="h3" id="appblev1sec4">TotalTester Online</h3>
<p class="noindent">TotalTester Online provides you with a simulation of the AWS Certified Developer Associate exam. Exams can be taken in Practice Mode or Exam Mode. Practice Mode provides an assistance window with hints, references to the book, explanations of the correct and incorrect answers, and the option to check your answer as you take the test. Exam Mode provides a simulation of the actual exam. The number of questions, the types of questions, and the time allowed are intended to be an accurate representation of the exam environment. The option to customize your quiz allows you to create custom exams from selected domains or chapters, and you can further customize the number of questions and time allowed.</p>
<p class="indent">To take a test, follow the instructions provided in the previous section to register and activate your Total Seminars Training Hub account. When you register you will be taken to the Total Seminars Training Hub. From the Training Hub Home page, select AWS Developer Assoc (DVA-C01) TotalTester from the Study drop-down menu at the top of the page, or from the list of Your Topics on the Home page. You can then select the option to customize your quiz and begin testing yourself in Practice Mode or Exam Mode. All exams provide an overall grade and a grade broken down by domain.</p>
<h3 class="h3" id="appblev1sec5">Technical Support</h3>
<p class="noindent">For questions regarding the TotalTester or operation of the Training Hub, visit <strong><a href="http://www.totalsem.com">www.totalsem.com</a></strong> or e-mail <strong><a href="http://support@totalsem.com">support@totalsem.com</a></strong>.</p>
<p class="indent">For questions regarding book content, visit <strong><a href="http://www.mheducation.com/customerservice">www.mheducation.com/customerservice</a></strong>.<span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_678"/></p>
</section>
</body>
</html>