<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<title>AWS Certified Developer Associate All-in-One Exam Guide (Exam DVA-C01)</title>
<link href="1260460177.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:c4d348f1-9c3d-457f-b76a-654174c9fde1" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<section epub:type="chapter">
<h2 class="h2c" id="gloss"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_679"/><span class="chapb">ACRONYMS AND GLOSSARY</span></h2>
<h3 class="h3">Acronyms</h3>
<p class="gloss"><strong>ACL</strong>   Access control list</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>ACM</strong>   AWS Certificate Manager</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AES</strong>   Advanced Encryption Standard</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>ALB</strong>   Application load balancer</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon SWF</strong>   Amazon Simple Workflow Service</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AMI</strong>   Amazon Machine Image</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>ASG</strong>   Auto-scaling group</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS</strong>   Amazon Web Services</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AZ</strong>   Availability Zone</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>BGP</strong>   Border Gateway Protocol</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>CAA</strong>   Certification authority authorization</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>CDN</strong>   Content delivery network</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>CIDR</strong>   Classless Inter-Domain Routing</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>CLI</strong>   Command-line interface</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>CNAME</strong>   Canonical name record</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>CPU</strong>   Central processing unit</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>CRR</strong>   Cross-regional replication</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>CSV</strong>   Comma-separated value</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>DaaS</strong>   Data as a Service</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>DBMS</strong>   Database management system</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>DDL</strong>   Data Definition Language</p>
<p class="gloss"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_680"/><strong>DDoS</strong>   Distributed denial of service</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>DHCP</strong>   Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>DML</strong>   Data Manipulation Language</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>DMS</strong>   Database Migration Service</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>DoD</strong>   Department of Defense</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>ENI</strong>   Elastic Network Interface</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>ERP</strong>   Enterprise resource planning</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>ETL</strong>   Extract, transform, and load</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>FaaS</strong>   Function as a Service</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>FedRAMP</strong>   Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>FIFO</strong>   First in, first out</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>GPU</strong>   Graphics processing unit</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>HA</strong>   High availability</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>HIPAA</strong>   Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>HTML</strong>   Hypertext Markup Language</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>HTTP</strong>   Hypertext Transfer Protocol</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>HTTPS</strong>   HTTP Secure</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>HVM</strong>   Hardware virtual machine</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>IaaS</strong>   Infrastructure as a Service</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>ICMP</strong>   Internet Control Message Protocol</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>IDE</strong>   Integrated development environment</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>IoT</strong>   Internet of Things</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>IP</strong>   Internet Protocol</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>ISO</strong>   International Organization for Standardization</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>IT</strong>   Information technology</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>JDBC</strong>   Java Database Connectivity</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>JSON</strong>   JavaScript Object Notation</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>LAMP stack</strong>   Linux, Apache, MySQL, and PHP stack</p>
<p class="gloss"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_681"/><strong>MAC</strong>   Media Access Control address</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>MFA</strong>   Multifactor authentication</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>NAT</strong>   Network Address Translation</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>NFS</strong>   Network File System</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>NIST</strong>   National Institute of Standards and Technology</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>NLB</strong>   Network load balancer</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>NS</strong>   Name server record</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>ODBC</strong>   Open Database Connectivity</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>OLAP</strong>   Online analytical processing</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>OLTP</strong>   Online transaction processing</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>PaaS</strong>   Platform as a Service</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>PCI</strong>   Payment Card Industry</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>PHP</strong>   Hypertext Preprocessor</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>PIOPS</strong>   Provisioned input/output operations per second</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>PV</strong>   Paravirtual</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>RDBMS</strong>   Relational database management system</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>REST</strong>   Representational State Transfer</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>RPM</strong>   Revolutions per minute</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>SaaS</strong>   Software as a Service</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>SAML</strong>   Security Assertion Markup Language</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>SDK</strong>   Software development kit</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>SLA</strong>   Service-level agreement</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>SOA</strong>   Service-oriented architecture</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>SOAP</strong>   Simple Object Access Protocol</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>SOC</strong>   System and organization controls</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>SQL</strong>   Structured Query Language</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>SSD</strong>   Solid-state drive</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>SSH</strong>   Secure Shell</p>
<p class="gloss"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_682"/><strong>SSL</strong>   Secure Sockets Layer</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>SSO</strong>   Single sign-on</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>STaaS</strong>   Storage as a Service</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>TCP/IP</strong>   Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>TDE</strong>   Transparent database encryption</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>TLS</strong>   Transport Layer Security</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>TXT</strong>   A text record</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>UDP</strong>   User Datagram Protocol</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>UPS</strong>   Uninterruptible power supply</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>VM</strong>   Virtual machine</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>VPG</strong>   Virtual private gateway</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>VPN</strong>   Virtual private network</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>WAF</strong>   Web Application Firewall</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>webACL</strong>   Web access control list</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>XML</strong>   Extensible Markup Language</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>XSS</strong>   Cross-site scripting</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>YAML</strong>   YAML Ain’t Markup Language (originally known as Yet Another Markup Language)</p>
<h3 class="h3">Glossary</h3>
<p class="gloss"><strong>A (address) record</strong>   Points a domain or a subdomain to an IP address.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AAAA (quad A) record</strong>   Points a domain to an IPv6 address.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Alexa for Business</strong>   Organizations and employees use Alexa as their intelligent assistant to be more productive in their work.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon API Gateway</strong>   A scalable managed service used to create, maintain, monitor, publish, and secure APIs.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon AppStream 2.0</strong>   A managed application streaming service used to manage your desktop applications and securely deliver them to any computer.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon Athena</strong>   A query service that enables users to query data in Amazon S3 using standard SQL.</p>
<p class="gloss"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_683"/><strong>Amazon Aurora</strong>   A relational database that supports two open-source engines such as MySQL and PostgreSQL.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon CloudFront</strong>   The content delivery network service of AWS.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon CloudSearch</strong>   A managed web service for search solutions.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon CloudWatch</strong>   A monitoring service for AWS Cloud resources.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon Cognito</strong>   A service that lets you easily manage users of your web and mobile apps.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon DocumentDB</strong>   A managed document database service that supports MongoDB workloads and is used to store, manage, and retrieve semi-structured data.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon DynamoDB</strong>   Amazon’s NoSQL database.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon Elastic Block Storage (Amazon EBS)</strong>   Provides persistent block storage for EC2 instances.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2)</strong>   Comprises secure and resizable virtual machines in the cloud.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS)</strong>   A secure and scalable managed container orchestration service.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)</strong>   Provides a shared, scalable, cloud-native file system for EC2.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon ElastiCache</strong>   A service that helps in deploying an in-memory cache or data store in the cloud.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon Elasticsearch</strong>   A managed web service that hosts Elasticsearch clusters in the AWS Cloud.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon Elastic MapReduce (Amazon EMR)</strong>   A managed, hosted Hadoop framework in the cloud.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon FreeRTOS</strong>   Extends FreeRTOS, an open-source operating system for microcontrollers.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon FSx for Lustre</strong>   A file system designed for fast processing of workloads.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon FSx for Windows</strong>   A managed native Microsoft Windows file system to move Windows-based applications.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon GuardDuty</strong>   Threat detection application that continuously monitors for unauthorized behavior and malicious activity to protect your AWS accounts.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon Inspector</strong>   An automated security assessment tool to improve security and compliance.</p>
<p class="gloss"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_684"/><strong>Amazon Kinesis</strong>   A service that allows you to ingest real-time data.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon Lex</strong>   A full service for building chatbots.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon LightSail</strong>   A simple virtual private server (VPS) solution in the cloud.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon Neptune</strong>   A managed graph database for storing relationships and querying the graph with millisecond latency.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon Polly</strong>   A managed service that converts text into realistic speech.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon QuickSight</strong>   A managed business analytics service.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon RDS</strong>   Amazon’s relational database service in the cloud.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon Redshift</strong>   A managed petabyte-scale data warehouse service.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon Rekognition</strong>   A fully managed image recognition service.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon Route 53</strong>   A Domain Name System (DNS) web service.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon S3 Glacier</strong>   Amazon’s archival lowest-cost storage class that supports long-term retention that may be accessed once or twice in a year.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon S3 Intelligent-Tiering</strong>   automatically moves data to cost-effective tier, without impact or operational overhead.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA)</strong>   Used for data that is accessed less frequently and stores data in a single Availability Zone.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS)</strong>   A managed message queuing service used to decouple and scale distributed systems, microservices, and serverless applications.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon SageMaker</strong>   A managed service that provides the ability to build, deploy, and train machine learning models.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon Simple Email Service (SES)</strong>   A cloud-based service used to send e-mail.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon Simple Notification Service (SNS)</strong>   A managed publication/subscription messaging service for distributed systems, microservices, and serverless applications.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3)</strong>   An object storage system used to store and retrieve any amount of data on the Web.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon Simple Storage Service – Infrequent Access (S3-IA)</strong>   Used to store infrequently accessed data.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon Simple Storage Service – Reduced Redundancy Storage (S3-RRS)</strong>   Used to store noncritical and reproducible data.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (VPC)</strong>   A logically isolated section in a virtual network that you define.</p>
<p class="gloss"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_685"/><strong>Amazon VPC Flow Logs</strong>   Captures information of the IP traffic in your VPC.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Amazon WorkSpaces</strong>   A managed desktop service that provides desktops across the globe for either Windows or Linux.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Apache Cassandra</strong>   An open-source, distributed, wide column store, NoSQL database management system.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>API Gateway</strong>   A managed service used to create, publish, and maintain APIs at scale.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Auto Scaling</strong>   A technology used by AWS to scale up and scale down EC2 instances.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS Backup</strong>   A managed backup service used to centralize and automate the backup of data from on-premises site using the AWS Storage Gateway and across AWS services.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS Batch</strong>   Used to run batch computing jobs on AWS.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS Budgets</strong>   Used to set up custom budgets to alert you when your costs, usage, or forecasted usage exceeds your budget.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS CloudFormation</strong>   A tool for deploying AWS resource stacks.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS CloudHSM</strong>   Hardware-based key storage for regulatory compliance.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS CloudTrail</strong>   A managed service that records all AWS API calls.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS CodeBuild</strong>   A managed service that builds and compiles source code.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS CodeCommit</strong>   A managed service where you can host source code repository.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS CodeDeploy</strong>   A managed service that automates code deployment.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS CodePipeline</strong>   A managed continuous integration and continuous delivery pipeline.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS Config</strong>   A managed service that tracks configuration changes.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS Cost Explorer</strong>   Used to visualize and manage your AWS costs and usage.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS Database Migration Service</strong>   Used to perform database migration securely.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS Device Farm</strong>   A service for testing mobile devices.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS Direct Connect</strong>   Used to establish private, dedicated network connectivity from your datacenter to AWS.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS Elastic Beanstalk</strong>   A service used for running and managing web applications.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS Fargate</strong>   Used to run containers without having to manage servers or clusters.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS Glue</strong>   A managed extract, transform, and load service.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)</strong>   Used to manage access to AWS services and resources securely using roles, groups, and users.</p>
<p class="gloss"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_686"/><strong>AWS IoT 1-Click</strong>   Empowers services to trigger AWS Lambda functions that can execute an activity.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS IoT Analytics</strong>   A managed service offering that makes it simple to run and operationalize extremely large volumes of IoT information.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS IoT Button</strong>   Based on the Amazon Dash Button hardware and is programmable.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS IoT Core</strong>   A managed cloud service that can support billions of devices and trillions of messages with a lightweight communication protocol.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS IoT Greengrass</strong>   A managed service used for running IoT applications in the AWS Cloud.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS Key Management Service (KMS)</strong>   Used to create and manage cryptographic keys.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS Lambda</strong>   A serverless function that runs your code without you provisioning or managing any servers.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS Marketplace</strong>   A store where you can buy software that can be used on AWS.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS Mobile Hub</strong>   A service used for deploying mobile applications.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS OpsWorks</strong>   A configuration management service that provides support for Chef and Puppet.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS Outposts</strong>   A Native AWS service that enables your datacenter to remain on-premises due to low latency or compliance requirements by extending the AWS infrastructure and providing a hybrid environment.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS Organizations</strong>   A policy-based management system used to manage multiple AWS accounts from a single service.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS Personal Health Dashboard</strong>   A personalized view of your AWS service health in a dashboard form.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS Secrets Manager</strong>   Used to protect secrets that accesses your applications and IT databases.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS Security Hub</strong>   Provides a complete view of your compliance status and high-priority security alerts across AWS accounts.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS Security Token Service (STS)</strong>   Used to request temporary, limited-privilege credentials for AWS IAM users or for federated users.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS Server Migration Service (SMS)</strong>   An agentless service used to perform large-scale server migrations from on-premises to AWS.</p>
<p class="gloss"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_687"/><strong>AWS Serverless Application Model (SAM)</strong>   An open-source framework that is used to create serverless applications on AWS.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS Serverless Application Repository</strong>   A managed repository for serverless applications to enable individual developers, teams, and organizations to store and share reusable applications.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS Service Catalog</strong>   Used to create and manage IT services catalogs to complete multi-tier application architectures.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS Shield</strong>   A managed protection service for distributed denial of service (DDoS) used to safeguard your applications running on AWS.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS Snowball</strong>   A data transfer service with petabyte scale built as a secure suitcase-sized device to quickly move data in and out of the AWS Cloud.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS Snowball Edge</strong>   A data transfer service with petabyte-scale capability along with a computing platform that helps you perform simple processing tasks.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS Snowmobile</strong>   An exabyte-scale data transfer service that uses a 45-foot-long container, which is ideal for exabyte-scale migrations and datacenter shutdowns.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS Step Functions</strong>   Provides a visual workflow of AWS services.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS Storage Gateway</strong>   A service that helps to seamlessly integrate on-premises storage with AWS Cloud storage.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS Systems Manager</strong>   Used to configure and control infrastructure on AWS.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS Transit Gateway</strong>   Used to connect Amazon VPCs and on-premises networks to a single gateway.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS Trusted Advisor</strong>   Used to help improve security and reduce costs by optimizing the AWS environment.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>AWS Virtual Private Network</strong>   A secure tunnel from your on-premises network to the AWS global network.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>bucket</strong>   A container for storing objects in Amazon S3.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Cloud Foundry</strong>   An open-source cloud application platform used for building and deploying enterprise cloud applications.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>CloudStack</strong>   An open-source cloud computing software used for building and deploying infrastructure cloud services.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>CockroachDB</strong>   An open-source, relational database that is compatible with PostgreSQL.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>CouchDB</strong>   An open-source, document-oriented NoSQL database.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Cozy</strong>   A personal data store used to host personal web apps.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>dead-letter queue (DLQ)</strong>   A dead-letter queue lets you set aside and isolate messages that cannot be processed correctly to determine why their processing failed.</p>
<p class="gloss"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_688"/><strong>dedicated host</strong>   A physical server with EC2 instance capacity fully dedicated to a single customer.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>dedicated instance</strong>   A single customer runs on dedicated hardware even though it belongs to a different AWS account and is physically isolated at the hardware level.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Directory Service</strong>   A directory service built on Microsoft Active Directory in the cloud.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>edge location</strong>   Used to serve content to end users.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>elastic IP address (EIP)</strong>   An IP address that is reachable from the Internet.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Elastic Load Balancing (ELB)</strong>   Distributes incoming traffic across multiple targets, like Amazon EC2 instances, containers, and Lambda functions.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Fn project</strong>   An open-source, container-native, serverless platform that can run on any cloud or on-premises.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>instance</strong>   Another term for an Amazon EC2 server.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>instance store</strong>   Local storage on the EC2 server.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Internet gateway (IGW)</strong>   A component of VPC that allows it to communicate with the Internet.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>Network Access Control List (NACL)</strong>   This acts as a firewall at the subnet level.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>OpenPaaS</strong>   An open-source digital workplace.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>OpenShift</strong>   An open-source container application platform based on Kubernetes.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>OpenStack</strong>   A free, open-standard cloud computing platform.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>OpenWhisk</strong>   An open-source, distributed, serverless platform that executes functions in response to events.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>ownCloud</strong>   A client/server software system used for file hosting services.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>point of presence (POP)</strong>   This is also known as an edge location.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>point-to-site VPN</strong>   Used to securely access the instances in your VPC from your individual laptop or from a client computer.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>region</strong>   The unique geographic area in the world where AWS datacenters are hosted.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>root user</strong>   Owner of the AWS account.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>root volume</strong>   Contains the software that is used to boot the instance.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>route table</strong>   A table consisting of routes that determine where traffic is directed.</p>
<p class="gloss"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_689"/><strong>security group</strong>   A virtual firewall for EC2 instances.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>service-level agreement (SLA)</strong>   A commitment between a client and service provider.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>site-to-site VPN</strong>   Used to securely connect your VPC with your own (remote or on-premises) network.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>subnet</strong>   A logical subdivision of a VPC network.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>vault</strong>   Similar to a safe deposit box or locker in Amazon S3 Glacier where archives are stored.</p>
<p class="gloss"><strong>VMware Cloud on AWS</strong>   Allows organizations to migrate and extend their on-premises, VMware vSphere-based environments to the AWS Cloud using EC2 bare-metal infrastructure.<span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_690"/></p>
</section>
</body>
</html>